Scrum Meeting #1: [3/29] 4:35 PM - 4:50 PM
In our previous meeting we first talked about how we wanted to start the project and come to a decision on what languages we were going to use for this project. We decided to use react because it is the most used language in the industry for this type of project and it makes it a lot easier to use later in the project than HTML. We then went on to decide that the first thing we needed to do was to refine our design and then begin implementing our managers view, main menu, and customers view. Finally, we decided to start working on our API’s just so we can get more familiar with it and we wont have to deal with it later in the project.

Scrum Meeting #2: [3/31] 8:25 AM - 8:40 AM
In our previous meeting we discussed how we wanted each of the views implemented and decided how we wanted to do our sign in for our client. We then went to talk about what API’s we wanted to work on and how we wanted to get a base landing page for our application set up. We also discussed what backend language we want to use for this project.

Scrum Meeting #3: [4/3]  4:35 PM - 4:55 PM
In our last meeting we talked about how we felt that the project was going so far and we decided that we needed to focus more on the backend of what needs to be done. We also talked about what we had learned about react and took some time to ask/answer questions that we have found about react while trying to get familiar with it. Finally, we discussed how we wanted to put in our login screen and went on to re-design it based on what we decided.

Scrum Meeting #4: [4/5]  4:35 PM - 5:00 PM
During our most recent meeting, we discussed our opinions on the current progress of the project and came to the conclusion that more attention should be paid to the backend tasks. Additionally, we spent some time discussing what we have learned about flask and took the opportunity to ask and answer questions in order to further familiarize ourselves with it. Towards the end of the meeting, we focused on the manager tab and talked about how we were going to make our website public.

Scrum Meeting #5: [4/12] 4:35 PM - 4:50 PM
Last meeting we decided that we need to push through our front-end development and finnish up our customer view and start to develop our manager and cashier view. We also started to think about how we would re-structure our backend and what we wanted to create it in. Finally, we completed our user study report so we could better understand what needs to changed for each view to make it more user friendly.

Scrum Meeting #6: [4/17] 4:35 PM - 4:55 PM
Last meeting we decided to swap from using flask to using typescript and that has been a great move. We previously decided to use Amazons web services to host our POS system but today we found that google cloud is a better and easier way to host our POS system. Lastly last meeting we wanted to get extremely close with finishing our frontend development, we have almost finished all of the development with only a few things to do in our manager view.

Scrum Meeting #7: [4/19] 4:30 PM - 4:50 PM
During our last meeting we discussed what is left for our frontend development and decided that we were  on the final stretch for the front-end. We also decided that we wanted to use google cloud instead of AWS to host our server because we felt like we have had previous practice with that service. Finally, we talked about how we wanted to start to fix our layout for our cashier view so we could focus mainly on our backend.

Scrum Meeting #8: [4/26] 4:25 PM - 4:45 PM
During our last meetings we talked about how we are going to connect our buttons to the backend and we decided that we needed to finnish up our queries so we could begin to connect them. We also decided to start to finnish our API incorporation and OAuth so we can finnish the project on time.